Update custom.md (#257)
Roblox/creator-docs: content/en-us/scripting/events/custom.md

## Custom Events

> The `Class.BindableEvent` object enables **custom events** through asynchronous one-way communication between scripts. When you fire a `Class.BindableEvent` through the `Class.BindableEvent:Fire()|Fire()` method, the firing script does **not** yield and the target function receives the passed arguments with certain [limitations](#argument-limitations). Like all events, `Class.BindableEvent|BindableEvents` create threads of each connected function, so even if one fires an error, others will continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Class.BindableEvent` object enables **custom events** through asynchronous one-way communication between scripts. When you fire a `Class.BindableEvent` through the `Class.BindableEvent:Fire()|Fire()` method, the firing script does **not** yield and the target function receives the passed arguments with certain [limitations](#argument-limitations). Like all events, `Class.BindableEvent|BindableEvents` create threads of each connected function, so even if one errors, others continue.
```
